hello
everyone there's a lot of Doom and Gloom
out there certainly definitely on this
channel but I wanted to bring out a
little bit of
positivity and I thought
that we can just have a
chat I don't often do videos where I'm
face to face of the camera but
occasionally I like to do so and this
time I don't have anything particularly
planned I just wanted to have a chat
with
you one of the things
that I've always looked forward to was
doing
videos because I get to see the comments
afterwards the emails that come
through it's something very positive to
me to know that people are reading
viewing listening to my
information and it
certainly makes me feel
uplifted even if the information can be
gloomy I want to tell you just a little
bit of personal information
that you know what do I want my future
to look
like
well I definitely do not want to be
living in a big city right now I'm
living in
Toronto millions of people millions of
sheep and
ultimately nobody's
prepared I'm working hard at it it's
taken me a very long
time but my goal is to be able to work
for
myself to have the be the ability to
work from anywhere in the world
to work
online being an author YouTuber
everything
else and being able to provide for my
family that
way I want to
have a very simple life I want to grow
my own
food I want to be able to essentially
not have to look over my shoulder for
every little thing that I do I want to
be responsible
for my home and everything else when
you're tied to the Grid in every way
you're always relying on somebody else I
would rather be
self-sufficient I think it's so
important that's why I made it um you
know a lot of focus in my more recent
book I want my future to look
bright even when the situ situation is
gloomy I don't want to have to worry
about every little thing I want to have
my own water supply my own energy Supply
and everything
else and you know I'm in the rat race
just like everybody else it's tough It's
really tough I mean I work I'm you know
about an hour past when the time I
should be sleeping right now just doing
videos right now I'm just
talking
because I have to get this off my chest
I have to get these this
knowledge this information this this
ability to
connect I'm trying
to reason with myself essentially
that you
know what's going to come of all
this there is a collapse going on walk
around the streets of downtown Toronto
and you see a homeless person at least
one on every single
corner it's getting really bad yet at
the same time you have housing prices
which are increasing so
rapidly somebody's making money but the
majority aren't that's a
fact
anyway I want to have
the simple things in life I want a big
piece of land I
want crops I want fruit growing on trees
I want to see
sunshine I want clean
air I want good
health so if you ask me you know what
what my list of things that I want in
this
life that's really that's my
list I mean driving a Ferrari around you
know if you want that sure by all means
please but it's really not a desire of
mine I just want the simple things in
life
I'd like to know what you want I know a
lot of people is simply are getting
prepared they want their own food supply
they have a lot of similar goals to
myself many people are further ahead and
that's great that's great news
especially when you know the situation
you know what's happening how it's
unfolding and you don't want to be a
part of this all I mean it's a disaster
out there so I see what people are doing
and I think it's very smart and I
respect all of you that get out of the
big cities they go into the outskirts or
maybe they just go way out into the
rural areas either way it's great I
think it's a good
thing anyway I just want to share my my
personal
opinion I don't normally do these rents
like this you know and I just wanted to
share some information so anyway I hope
you appreciate that and that's all take
care